Added examples code for `ITimerRegistry` and `IReminderRegistry` (#36872)
dotnet/docs: docs/orleans/grains/timers-and-reminders.md

## Timers

> **Timers** are used to create periodic grain behavior that isn't required to span multiple activations (instantiations of the grain). A timer is identical to the standard .NET <xref:System.Threading.Timer?displayProperty=fullName> class. In addition, timers are subject to single-threaded execution guarantees within the grain activation that it operates on, and their executions are interleaved with other requests, as though the timer callback was a grain method marked with <xref:Orleans.Concurrency.AlwaysInterleaveAttribute>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Timers** are used to create periodic grain behavior that isn't required to span multiple activations (instantiations of the grain). A timer is identical to the standard .NET <xref:System.Threading.Timer?displayProperty=fullName> class. In addition, timers are subject to single-threaded execution guarantees within the grain activation that they operate on, and their executions are interleaved with other requests, as though the timer callback was a grain method marked with <xref:Orleans.Concurrency.AlwaysInterleaveAttribute>.
```

## Combine timers and reminders

You might consider using a combination of reminders and timers to accomplish your goal. For example, if you need a timer with a small resolution that needs to survive across activations, you can use a reminder that runs every five minutes, whose purpose is to wake up a grain that restarts a local timer that may have been lost due to deactivation.

## POCO grain registrations

To register a timer or reminder with [a POCO grain](../migration-guide.md#poco-grains-and-igrainbase), you implement the <xref:Orleans.IGrainBase> interface and inject the <xref:Orleans.Timers.ITimerRegistry> or <xref:Orleans.Timers.IReminderRegistry> into the grain's constructor.

:::code source="./snippets/timers/PingGrain.cs":::

The preceding code:

- Defines a POCO grain that implements <xref:Orleans.IGrainBase>, `IPingGrain`, and <xref:System.IDisposable>.

> - Registers a timer that is invoked every ten seconds, and starts three seconds after registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Registers a timer that is invoked every 10 seconds, and starts 3 seconds after registration.
```

> - When `Ping` is called, registers a reminder that is invoked hour, and starts immediately following registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When `Ping` is called, registers a reminder that is invoked every hour, and starts immediately following registration.
```
